daddy out what's up
will damn i'm glad you're here
um some business came up i got a handle
so we're gonna have to put a our trip on
hold
you understand yeah yeah yeah
that's cool just for a couple weeks i
understand get it
maybe a little longer yeah whatever
whatever
look i'll i'll call you next week and
we'll iron out the details
okay yeah yeah
it was great seeing you son
you too lou
yeah yeah um
i'm sorry will you know what actually
this works out better for me you know
what as slimy as the summer come to
class wearing next to nothing you know
well it's all right to be angry hey why
should i be mad
i'm saying at least he said goodbye this
time i just wish i hadn't
wasted my money buying this stupid
present
i'm sorry i you know if there was
something that i hey you know what you
ain't gonna do no not knuckle phil
you know ain't like i'm still five years
old you know ain't like i'm gonna be
sitting up every night asking my mom
when's daddy coming home you know
who needs him hey he wasn't there to
teach me how to shoot my first basket
but i learned didn't i hey i got pretty
damn good at it too didn't uncle phil
got through my first date without him
right i learned how to drive
i learned how to shave i learned how to
fight without him i had 14
great birthdays without him he never
even sent me a damn card
with him
i need him then and i don't need him now
will uh you know what uncle phil
i'm gonna get through college without
him i'm gonna get a great job without
him i'm gonna marry me a beautiful honey
and i'm having a whole bunch of kids
i'll be a better father than he ever was
and i sure as hell don't need him for
that cause ain't a damn thing he could
ever teach me about how to love my kids
how come he don't want me man